README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A modern, responsive portfolio website built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This portfolio showcases my projects, skills, and contact information in a clean and professional manner.

## Features

- 🎨 Modern and clean design
- 📱 Fully responsive layout
- ⚡ Smooth animations and transitions
- 🎯 Interactive project cards
- 📝 Dynamic typing effect
- 🔍 Intersection Observer for scroll animations
- 📱 Mobile-friendly navigation

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with CSS Variables and Flexbox/Grid)
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Font Awesome Icons
- Google Fonts

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio.git
```

2. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website.

## Project Structure

```
portfolio/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # CSS styles
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality
└── README.md          # Project documentation
```

## Customization

To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`
2. Modify the color scheme in `styles.css` (CSS variables)
3. Add your own projects to the projects section
4. Update the skills section with your expertise
5. Modify the contact information

## Browser Support

The website is compatible with:
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me:
- Email: tkumar2808@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/tushar2808](https://linkedin.com/in/tushar2808)
- GitHub: [github.com/Tushar-2808](https://github.com/Tushar-2808)

Commit message:

Update: Enhanced project description in README

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A dynamic and interactive portfolio website showcasing my professional journey, technical skills, and project achievements. Built with modern web technologies, it features smooth animations, responsive design, and an intuitive user interface to present my work in the most engaging way possible.

## Features

- 🎨 Modern and clean design
- 📱 Fully responsive layout
- ⚡ Smooth animations and transitions
- 🎯 Interactive project cards
- 📝 Dynamic typing effect
- 🔍 Intersection Observer for scroll animations
- 📱 Mobile-friendly navigation

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with CSS Variables and Flexbox/Grid)
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Font Awesome Icons
- Google Fonts

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio.git
```

2. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website.

## Project Structure

```
portfolio/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── styles.css          # CSS styles
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality
└── README.md          # Project documentation
```

## Customization

To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`
2. Modify the color scheme in `styles.css` (CSS variables)
3. Add your own projects to the projects section
4. Update the skills section with your expertise
5. Modify the contact information

## Browser Support

The website is compatible with:
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me:
- Email: tkumar2808@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/tushar2808](https://linkedin.com/in/tushar2808)
- GitHub: [github.com/Tushar-2808](https://github.com/Tushar-2808)
